---
title: site intro
draft: false
tags:
---
<p class="intro">Hello! Thanks for checkin' my site out! I'm KingPoss, or KP for short. This place has become my home and creative outlet on the net. Outside of messaging platforms like Signal & Discord, you won't find me anywhere else. Like just about everyone else on <a href="https://neocities.org/">Neocities</a>, I've become entirely disillusioned with social media, web 3.0 (and 2.0 for that matter), and the general state of the net in modern times. It feels good to stake a claim and make my corner of the web--take back a bit of landscape in this digital serfdom we're all serving under lol. Here, you'll find my <a href="art.html">art n pictures</a>, <a href="/Thoughts/MainBlogPage.html">writings</a>, <a href="/projects/projects.html">projects</a>, <a href="programs.html">programs</a>, and a <a href="radio.html">radio station</a> I run with scheduled live broadcasts & interviews! I implore you to check out the music, learn a lil <a href="about.html">about me</a>, and check out some of the other <a href="sites.html">awesome sites</a> here on Neocities. Oh, and there's a <a href="guestbook.html">guestbook</a> you can sign too! I hope you have fun lookin around! 
</p>

<p class="intro">You've stumbled upon (or was linked to) KingPossum's lil slice of home! All webpages here were made by me, coded with love and care! The modern internet and social platforms are incredibly sanitized and corporate. You can only create within their medium, and so much content is created for the sole purpose of being seen by others and propagated by the algorithm. It feels incredibly dystopian when you think about it; people creating for algorithms instead of for people, or for the sheer joy of creating itself.
This website is my attempt to rip back my own artistic freedom. <i>I</i> control the medium, <i>I</i> control how content is presented, and what feels most liberating, is that all this content is presented for anyone to see who can find it, but there is nothing pushing it to them. If you’re reading this, it’s because <i>you</i> found this site and decided to engage with it. To anyone reading this, I hope you enjoy exploring my site! You should sign my guestbook and drop your site in KingChat so I can explore yours too :3
    </p>